## Task Details

1. Task: [link](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/tree/master/tasks/eCommerce-Application)
2. Screenshot:
3. Deploy: [link](https://github.com/)
4. Done 28.05.2020 / deadline 31.05.2020
5. Score: 110 / 110

## Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context.

Fixes # (issue)

## Type Of Change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## How Has This Been Tested?

Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B

**Test Configuration**:

- Firmware version:
- Hardware:
- Toolchain:
- SDK:

## Checklist

- [x] Application is divided to logical modules / layers. Like working with api it's separate module, as well as working with UI rendering, or working with an application state, etc. Better discuss architecture with a mentor before implementing. (40/40)
- [x] All the HTML-content is generated by JavaScript (body contains only one tag script inside). (30/30)
- [x] Application is SPA.(20/20)
- [x] Webpack or another bundler should be used. There should be one HTML-file, JS-file, and one CSS-file (or it can be embedded right in the HTML-file). (20/20)
